URL: https://si.trunojoyo.ac.id/isrgs-agenda/

ISRG’s Agenda – si.trunodjoyo.ac.id
Skip to content
Following our flash flyer, we are now pleased to cordially invite you to take part in our unique program of
“Coaching Clinic on Academic Writing for International Journals/Conferences”.
This coaching clinic is an initiative of our new Information Systems Department of Engineering Faculty and is managed and delivered by ISRG fellows.
The program consists of guided workshops, discussions and hands-on exercises which focus on academic writing for international publication.
During the program, the participants will be introduced the basics of genre analysis and rhetorical characteristics of academic publications especially in IS/IT fields but not limited to other field of study.
Finally, as an important part of this program, all participants will be challenged to prepare and write an academic manuscript for international journals or conferences submission.
For this purpose, our ISRG’s fellows will provide one-on-one mentoring and clinical sessions that will walk the participants through the necessary steps or techniques to prepare and navigate a submission.
When it is possible, we will try to have inspirational talk with successful authors or invited reviewers to learn their best practices and unique experiences in writing and publishing academic papers. For details please see the proposed time table.
As space is limited, your confirmation of attendance will be greatly appreciated. Please do so via email to
Mr Alam
by 22 October 2017.
We very much look forward to hearing from you and to make our meet up more engaging please feel free to bring any snacks (not snakes), drinks and what so ever to share with your peers.
Cheers,
ISRG
Leave a Comment
Cancel Reply
Alamat email Anda tidak akan dipublikasikan.
Ruas yang wajib ditandai
*
Type here..
Name*
Email*
Website
Beritahu saya akan tindak lanjut komentar melalui surel.
Beritahu saya akan tulisan baru melalui surel.
Δ
Situs ini menggunakan Akismet untuk mengurangi spam.
Pelajari bagaimana data komentar Anda diproses
.
Search for:
Search
Link
Kuisioner Akreditasi
Ristek Dikti
Universitas Trunojoyo Madura
Fakultas Teknik UTM
Jurnal SIMANTEC
ALUMNI
LANDING PAGE AKREDITASI SI
VIDEO PROFIL SISTEM INFORMASI
Download
Panduan Kerja Praktek (KP)
Buku Pedoman Skripsi SI
Panduan Akademik Sistem Informasi 2023
Kalender_akademik 23/24
Prosedur operasional standar (SOP)
Sertifikasi Akreditasi Prodi
Pos-pos Terbaru
Komentar Terbaru
Arsip
Kategori
Meta
Scroll to Top